=head1 NAME

my_perl_archiver - Create, Restore, Delete and List archives

=head1 SYNOPSIS

my_perl_archiver [options] [file ...]

Options:

	--create|-c		Create an archive
	--restore|-r|-r	Restore an archive
	--partial|-p	Restore a subdirecotry or a file
	--delete|-d		Delete an existing archive
	--list|-l		List all files of an existing archive
	--slim|-s		Slim
	--mapping|-m	List all mappings of hashes and paths

Folgende Kombinationen von Switches in Kurz- und Langform sind nicht erlaubt: cr, cd, cl, cp, cm, ch, rc, rd, rl, rs, rm, rh, dc, dr, dp, dl, ds, dm, dh, lc, lr, ld, lp, ls, lm, lh, mc, mr, md, ml, mh, hc, hr, hd, hl, hm, hv, vm.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-create> [Path to source directory] [Path to destination directory]

Creating a backup (copy) of a directory and all its subdirectories in an arbitrary target directory.

=item B<-slim> [Path to destination directory]

Care is taken that the totality of all archives of a subdirectory consumes as little space.

=item B<-restore> [Path to source direcotory] [Path to destination directory] [Source name] [Timestamp]

Restoring a file, a subdirectory or all of the archived directory.

=item B<-partial> [Relative path to object which should be restored]

Is only valid in combination with B<-r>-switch.

=item B<-delete> [Path to object which should be deleted]

Removal of archive of a directory including its subdirectories or removing parts (subdirectories and files) of an archive

=item B<-list> [Path to archive directory] [Timestamp]

List all files, links and subdirectories of an archive.

=item B<-verbose> [Optional level]

Cause B<my_perl_archiver> to be verbose

=item B<-mapping> [Archive] [[Filename of hash table]]

List all mappings of hashes and paths.

=item B<-help>

Prints the manual page and exits.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<my_perl_archiver> will create archives. If an archive exists B<my_perl_archiver> will restore, delete or list it.

=head1 AUTHORS

Patrick Vogt, Michel Angelo Rammuno, Muhammed Kasikci, Michaela Fentze

Technische Hochschule Nuernberg Georg-Simon-Ohm

Prof. Dr.-Ing. Axel Hein

=cut
